hello everybody just ricardo carvalho
bout here giving a hint to you here about connections and pickups né
guitar
and here we will have a configuration of locomotion of the acre
fall taker changes what we will be using here as
for example, do not
will have the new number
that potentiometer né another potential subway of ipanema then a
robot that volumes nilton
It's the believing setup that's doing here.
Before that, I'll invite you, please.
site visit
roode dot com course
What is the website and what do I have?
on colditz's contacts
there are some free videos you post
accessing to get an idea of ​​the course
and sometimes I put some
her life, too, okay
that's it I'll wait for you there
I ask that then we go there then we have here on the screen
the taster
this black bridge which are two coils
We will treat the image in the ducati to etar
be
here standing
and then we will see the connection here who gave the threads and how it does
this connection
first that in case of being caught without change
He's going to have this color here.
trusted that gray
No, the cup with a white thread, right?
in the case of kindle is the artist would be better actor
there I have it
the cda mália is not
Tag Fight
and peeled
what actually happened
what is green
how to tequila coloration well to identify and I give is that black
here he would be heard of it because there
so here they indicate
by a square link here
the agency does the following of the league
the red river white
You will join his tips.
but to weld
that there
and ended up in that part
here is the aroma
the movie worthy of the hack
so the knit year
green dolphin will also join the two
and will study in the carcass
of volume
the very helplessness here ex-teacher I'll tell you he's a good name
500k
so step the 'volume here
It will break loose.
I'm straight gay
The network, because we have here.
to the grounding power system
that would go to be grounded every system
whole cutter product
because if the whole man eight
must have the same grounding earthing connection
so what happens
here for example
the agency estimates that
come here on the other cheeky face
other potential us because it is bread
to chemo
if we could that is the vote where shades
so connected here
there is a thread from here to here that is why it proves to have a land between the two
here ok
so we already have the taster here
who came with the donkey who the green
Dilma looks only at the owner of the car.
there he on another thread
of the housing land came to another dutton shed carcass
it is not only the carcass that will also have the affection the posture that be the same
so give
points 0 47
fishing passed this soldier a tip of it both makes popo points not ownership
but I am giving in khakasia another tip in the middle
tom potentiometer
there we go now to another part
here I doubt the scavenger only black
act
and here in
in positioning
realizes that the potential is turned upside down so that it has to
go along
the drawing that
You're not to be confused
what at the time you have calling and in practice
It is understood then called here is born the first piano that gives
volume potential
and out of it
a thread or even the partners want to take advantage of
to have that other tip that is potentially fun
known kinahan facing each other
then called here then use part here tarr rate
I doubt I live here
of the taster
the coalition that such now we have here on the roll me
this connection that in the middle
on the middle pin
Baita probing here.
and we go with him and let's go down here I go
show it
on the 15th
so he came here
the live
that is the tite is not roth and altitude the exit
so there is a
female pivot point having a ledo
his disappearance that is pontificado
beauty
this whole other part here
internal here
is linked interlinked with that tip tip that makes them all contact
on here
then here is the earth that is a wire
here goes here to the house
new name
ok, I could also change the house that endowed
because they are all interconnected then actually
important here
whatever land in our system is connected to one another
has this connection
is happening in all sectors
mouth detail here
in need here
what a land
keita soldier here on the carcass
the volume
and he will leave it will be good
connected to a source of the source cdos
lever
which is interconnected with the with the ropes who enters here so that everything
with the same grounding system
Thanks guys, thank you there.
and good luck
a hug